Custom auth handlers (#196)
cheshire-cat-ai/docs: mkdocs/production/auth/custom-auth.md

# Custom Auth Handler

Want to bring in your own authentication system with your own users? The Cat provides a useful API to
customize the default authentication flow and add a custom auth handler which delegates authentication and authorization
to third party systems.

## Preliminary steps

Since the Cat has its own auth handler mechanism, which is always inserted in the auth handler pipe, you need to lock
your instance following the instructions in the [authentication](authentication.md) section.

## Building a Custom AuthHandler

> Let's walk through the process of creating a custom `AuthHandler`. While the exact implementation will vary depending on
> provider or system you choose to rely on, the overall structure will remain the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's walk through the process of creating a custom `AuthHandler`. While the exact implementation is subject to the
provider or system you choose to rely on, the overall structure will remain the same.
```

```bash
curl --location --request PUT 'http://{your_cat_instance}/auth_handler/settings/CustomAuthHandlerConfig' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
   "server_url": {your_idp_url},
}'
```

That's it! Now every incoming request will be authenticated using the custom auth handler.

## Key Components and Concepts

### BaseAuthHandler

`BaseAuthHandler` is the class that you will extend to implement your custom auth flow. This is an abstract class that
forces you to implement two basic methods: `authorize_user_from_jwt` and `authorize_user_from_key`. You'll write your
own auth logic in there inserting, for example, credentials validation request to external identity providers.

- `authorize_user_from_jwt`: Validates and processes incoming JWT tokens, extracting user information and 
- mapping it into Cheshire Cat’s `AuthUserInfo` structure. 
- `authorize_user_from_key`: Allows validation of requests based on an API key, usually used for machine to machine communication.

### AuthHandlerConfig

The `AuthHandlerConfig` is the configuration class from which your own will inherit to create your own configuration

> class for your auth handler. It includes all the necessary settings to initialize your custom handler.

Reviewer: I think the first sentence needs to be reworked a little, `is the configuration class from which your own will inherit to create your own configuration` sounds confusing
